>(Edward): Powder.
>That's all you see
when you look at cocaine.
>But look a little closer
and you'll see an endless network.
>Buyers. sellers. brokers and users
invisibly tangled in our daily lives.
>Whether we like it or not.
(GUNFIRE AND SCREAMS)
>Do you believe in love?
>Love ends.
>Do you believe in your heart?
>Your heart stops.
>No love and no heart?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
>So you believe in "cono". right?
In pussy.
>Even pussy dries up after a while.
>You believe in your wife?
>As soon as money runs out.
she'll tell you're neglecting her.
>You believe in your children?
>As soon as you stop
giving them money
they'll say you don't love them.
>You believe in your "mamma".
>If you don't nurse her. she'll say
you're an ungrateful child.
>Now listen
to what I'm telling you.
>So what happens
when you've got nothing to give?
>When you've got nothing left.
>When you're no longer useful.
Good morning. Don Minu.
(PANTS)
-Greetings. Don Minu.
-Greetings.
(BAND PLAYS RELIGIOUS MUSIC)
(ALL): Now and forever. Hail Mary!
Don Stefano...
Stefano... Don't worry.
Stefano. how are you?
-How you doing?
-Good.
-You've done all right for yourself!
-Hands off my new jacket.
Very sharp. When did you get it?
Hey. Ste'...
Don Stefano.
-Nicola. how are you?
-Good.
Hi.
Don Stefano.
My respects.
My regards.
Don Stefano.
Papa's going now.
Moustache.
Kiss.
-Hi. Stefano.
-Hi. Grandpa.
How's your boy?
He's good.
Here. Buy the kid a toy.
Grandpa. I don't think you should go.
-I have to go.
-Why?
So that those who were with me
don't turn their backs on me.
That would never happen.
Until yesterday. everyone would
shit their pants at the sight of me.
But today too many families aren't
happy with the way things are.
Remember one thing. Stefano.
disappointment allows not for mercy.
Let's go.
I'm here
because there are
important things to discuss.
You can see I'm half blind.
but I can still see very clearly
what's going on.
To feed all our people.
we need a lot of money.
Money that doesn't circulate
like it used to.
It's my fault...
because they forced me
to live in a hole under the ground.
But now I'm outside.
And the first thing I want to do
to show that I'm back.
is shower you with 900 million.
Money to set things back in motion.
And to get your trust back.
I've ordered five thousand kilos.
27.000 a kilo.
It's my family's price.
but it goes for everyone.
The best price ever.
(CAR HORN HONKS)
Are they all taking part?
Your grandpa knows what's what.
Many wanted to stab him in the back.
with this shipment he took
the knife out of everyone's hand.
-Jeez. he's out cold!
-Shh!
Did you really have the same truck?
Yeah. My father gave me the same one
when I was your age.
Sleep.
(CAR HORN HONKS)
This is my share and my cousin's.
Your cousin still got the restaurant?
Yeah. he sure does.
Tell him my daughter's
having her first communion.
Will he treat me right?
Our family always treats you
like royalty and you know it.
I'll drop in next week.
Be seeing you.
Hey. man! What happened?
Hey. Luciano. All good?
Yes. Have you broken down?
Sorry about this.
Get out of the car. Luciano.
and get in the trunk.
Nicola...
You're making a big mistake.
-Be careful.
-It's all good.
Are we sure about this?
(PIGS GRUNTING)
Stefano!
As soon as I put him in the sty.
what a satisfaction
to hear him scream...
-The pigs didn't eat him.
-So we brought her in.
She threw herself on him.
I watched her take his head off.
She chewed it off.
Just watch her go.
What a whore!
See her?
Now keep her on a diet.
Why?
I want her to be starving
when I feed my grandfather to her.
When WE feed your grandfather to her.
When we feed my grandfather to her.
(Edward): >Rules are not laws.
>Laws are for cowards.
>Rules are for men.
>That's why we have rules of honor.
>Rules for honor don't tell you
you have to be good.
(KNOCKS ON DOOR)
>Just upright.
>Rules of honor tell you
how to behave.
>If you wanna make money
there's ways to do it.
>If you wanna kill.
there are motives.
>And method.
(PHONE BUZZING)
Wait.
-Hello?
(Woman): >My boy. sweetheart.
-Mamma. you can't on this number.
>Yeah. but it's an emergency.
-Are the children all right?
>They're fine. don't worry.
What's the emergency?
(Over radio): >Your brother's
acting the fool again.
>That's not an emergency.
>Speak to him. son.
>I'll do it later. after work.
>So. you'll talk to him?
>Yes. as soon as I'm done here.
>I'm begging you!
>May God bless you.
(DIAL TONE)
(PHONE RINGS)
>Hi. Nancy.
-Sir. >Tell me.
The 5.000 cans of chili peppers
for Italy are ready.
Okay. good. perfect.
Listen. I can't do anything now.
They haven't sent the first payment.
>I can't leave them here because
it's not safe here in town.
I don't give a fuck. idiot!
It's your job to keep them safe.
>That's your job. no?
So cut out the bullshit. Nancy.
Yes. sir.
(DIAL TONE)
(PHONE RINGS)
(Man over radio): >Hello?
>Listen.
I don't want to repeat myself.
>Tell me.
>Got anything to take notes?
>Yes. boss.
I'm holding it in my hand.
>We must store the chilies
at the old man's farm.
>Are you sure?
>Who has more information. me or you?
>Whatever you say.
>We can't send them
before the Italians pay us.
>How long should we keep them?
>I don't know.
>But we never do that!
It's a problem.
>I know. it's a mess.
>They're going to meet
to find a solution.
>In the meantime.
you keep the chilies.
>Idiot. don't fuck it up.
>That's an order from the boss.
if you blow it. he'll kill us.
(INTERCEPTION BEEPS)
What is he doing?
He's ditched his phone!
Has he noticed us?
What the fuck happened?
Follow him.
-What about the cocaine. Comando?
-Later! Follow him!
Don't lose sight of him! He knows
where the meeting will take place.
(HORN HONKING)
Go. go! Follow him!
Don't lose sight of him!
Go. go!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(TIRES SCREECH. PEOPLE SCREAM)
(MOANS)
Easy. easy...
Don't move.
Don't close your eyes. open them.
What's your name?
My name's Manuel. What's yours?
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Open your eyes.
Look at me. You're going to be okay.
They'll help you.
Look at me. don't close your eyes.
Come on. look at me. Please.
Hey! Hey!
Lord...
receive this little dove
into Your kingdom.
-Where are they meeting?
-I don't know.
-I don't know!
We heard about the meeting
with the buyers from your calls.
I don't know!
-Indio!
-Captain.
Go to Tribilin's house. get that
asshole and hand him over to the MP
as the suspect
we arrested in the square.
Copy that.
No! No!
>Where are they meeting?
(ELECTRIC CRACKLING AND SCREAMS)
(SCREAMS)
(Man over earphones):
>All men are small.
only the Lord is great.
>Importance is an illusion
of mankind.
as well as greatness.
because before God
we must all bow our heads.
>Nothing of what I am.
nothing of what I have
is mine.
>It all belongs to the Lord.
>When I drink a glass of water...
The Captain wants you.
>...It belongs to the Lord.
Bury him.
Let's go! We got it.
Hey.
Do you believe in God?
Yes. sergeant.
We are merely instruments
in His hands.
I see.
Whatever He tells us
we must not argue. we must obey.
Where is He taking us now?
Only He knows.
Two SUVs incoming.
(INAUDIBLE)
They're collecting everyone's phones.
Enrique Leyra!
I know an entrance
that connects to the restaurant.
(INAUDIBLE)
Fuck! Jacinto!
Both the Leyra brothers are there!
There are about
50 civilians in there.
without counting those fat fucks.
Copy that.
We don't have blind spots
or nasty surprises.
No signal coming
from snipers or guards.
Copy that.
There are six guys inside
and five outside.
with shotguns and handguns.
Don't tell me you're afraid.
Vampire.
What's wrong?
You're sweating.
No... I'm all right.
Cover me on that side. now.
Make contact with the base
and tell them
we have the Leyras in our sights.
Totomishi to base. do you read me?
Totomishi to base. do you copy?
(Over radio): >Loud and clear.
We have the Leyras in our sights.
Awaiting orders.
>We'll inform the commander.
Stand by for orders.
Captain. they're informing
the commander.
Standing by.
(Over radio): >Affirmative! There
are soldiers in the parking lot!
There's another frequency active.
>They're in the parking lot.
Send the SUVs for us.
>Move it!
Their men know we're here.
Motherfuckers!
Fuck!
-They are going to escape.
-Let's go get them!
Go!
Those assholes came to protect them.
Treat them as enemies!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Go!
Wait! Wait!
Okay. go. go. go!
Enrique Leyra! I have him!
Dad!
What the fuck are you doing?
Go. go. go!
Dad! Dad!
(SIRENS WAIL)
(EXHALES)
(Edward): >You need to know
how to be respected
and how to show respect.
>"La famiglia".
>Respect the people
who are useful to you
and despise the ones who aren't.
>The people who can give you
something get your respect.
and the ones
who are useless. lose it.
>Somebody who wants something
from you. doesn't respect you.
>Somebody who's afraid of you...
>So what happens
when you got nothing to give?
>When you've got nothing left?
>When you're no longer useful.
We redid all the riggings.
all the cables on that block.
all the pulleys. that's all new.
Some paint here and there.
We're painting the deck.
we're gonna finish that part.
When was she built?
-Hey. François!
-Edward!
-So good to see you.
-You look fantastic.
-So. Mark...
-Edward.
What's your price?
-When was she built?
-If I'm not mistaken. in 2003.
And she's been in constant
transit since then?
Yes. but we gave here a refurbishment
and she hasn't gone out since then.
Uh...
-I got them down to 20.
-Well...
My asking price is 22 million.
but for you. Edward.
I'm willing to slash my profits.
So if that's the case. Mark...
You need to come down
in price a little.
We could buy for 18.
Eighteen?
I know it's short notice.
but given our history
I'd expect you'd make an exception
and push this through for me.
What are the lobsters
still doing here?
They're waiting on the waybill.
Miss Lynwood.
-Emma's fine.
-Right. Yes. Miss Emma.
-Just Emma's fine.
-Right.
Marla. I'm looking
at a shipment of lobsters
that need to be in New York
by tonight.
You need paperwork.
but I need lobsters in Red Hook.
so let's figure it out.
Good morning. Miss Lynwood.
Your retail accountant called.
The money hasn't come through.
(INDISTINCT RACE ANNOUNCER)
Come on. come on! Go!
-Go. go. go!
-Go. go!
Goddammit!
-You were right. Chris.
-I bet with you. Pops.
That's my boy!
I called you nine times.
How am I supposed to get in touch
if he would not answer his phone?
-I didn't hear the phone. Sorry.
-Okay...
What's going on. Em?
Bob called.
(INAUDIBLE)
We can't expose ourselves
like that.
Don't argue with me.
just do what I ask.
Between the cost of the ship and
fronting the money for the Italians.
we're going to be
31 millions in the hole.
I know Don Minu very well.
He'll pay us back
like he always does.
You just gotta rough it out
for a couple of weeks.
I know you can do it. Em.
Man! Your sister...
She's a piece of work.
Typical Lynwood.
(KNOCKS ON DOOR)
Thank you.
(Man speaking Italian): We don't
know why the money hasn't arrived.
But Don Minu
will solve this for sure.
Don't worry.
Write him a message.
I will publish it on the obituary.
(Edward in Italian):
I need an answer immediately.
-All good. Pops?
-Primo supremo. kid.
We're taking care of business
like we always do.
If you say we're good.
then we're good.
(Woman): >I met someone last night.
As soon as I saw him I thought:
"He could be the one". You know?
And the first thing I did
was tell him
some day my neurons will start dying.
Some day I won't be able
to control my emotions.
Won't be able to control
my arms and legs.
Won't even be able to eat.
I told him there's no point
in even having
a relationship with me.
Because I have a defective gene
and one day I'll have Huntington's.
My mom says I'm a coward.
That I'm not living my life.
Maybe she's right.
but I feel like this way
it'll hurt a little less.
when I start to lose myself.
When that first tremor starts
and I know I'm out of time.
Thank you for sharing with us.
Lisa.
You know. I think you touched upon
a major issue
for everyone in this group.
Who else has experienced
these feelings. at some point?
Chris.
We haven't heard from you in a while.
Would you like to share with us
how you feel about all this?
-We can't do it.
-Not here.
-It's too much money...
-Not here. goddammit!
How many times do I have to tell you?
It's 31 million. 31 million.
(INAUDIBLE)
You're gambling all our
liquid assets on one shipment.
I saved this family. Emma.
And the bottom line is that
we don't continue to broker cocaine.
this company ceases to exist.
That's not true.
we have 4.000 containers
on 45 ships all over the world.
shipping legitimate goods.
We're not drug dealers.
We're shipping brokers.
And those 4.000 containers
make less money in a year
than one shipment of cocaine
makes in 21 days.
If you don't understand the basic
principles of our business.
maybe I've wasted
too much time on you. Emma.
We'll show Don Minu we trust him.
Take care of that money.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Here are your tokens.
Each one will transfer
31 million dollars.
I need you to sign here.
And here.
Not in my fucking bedroom. please!
Open the window.
Okay Em. put this away.
I'm tired. I gotta go to sleep.
We've got four weeks
to return the funds.
then we have
to start selling assets.
I don't want to talk
about this anymore.
I just want to make sure
you know what you're doing.
Hey Chris. give me that.
You know why we're not going
to lose money on this?
Because what we do
keeps the world's economy aflow.
Don't ever forget that.
It's our job.
That's what we do.
And I want you guys out of this room
in less than one minute.
I wanna go to bed!
Hey.
Why do you have to argue with him?
(MOUTHS WORDS)
(Shouts): Because he fucks up
and I have to fix it!
Fucking asshole!
He knows what he's doing.
Alright? He knows what he's doing.
Does he?
(GIGGLES)
Did you get what we asked for.
Roberto?
Yes. Miss Emma.
Under the seat.
Bulletproof vests
with level four ceramic plates.
Good.
Chris knows what's going on.
he always knows what's going on.
It's worse to just keep
him in the dark.
He gets upset really easily.
it's not good for him.
He's okay. If you treat him like
he's sick. he'll feel like he's sick.
Well. he's gonna be sick.
Very soon he's gonna be sick.
I know. but you always said
that mum had a wonderful life
before the disease hit her.
And you don't let Chris
have that same life?
He's not going to be happy unless you
let him live his life while he can.
I want you to promise me something.
If anything ever goes wrong.
I do not want Chris
in the family business.
You're the lucky one. Emma.
Don't ever forget that.
I don't want him in the family
business. You gotta promise me.
Promise me.
Yeah. I promise you.
(Edward): >So what happens
when you've got nothing to give?
>When you've got nothing left?
When you're no longer useful?
You know what they're gonna say?
They're gonna say: you're finished.
You're just "basura".
Garbage. Nada.
That doesn't apply to us.
We move in an alternative economy
where there's always money.
No. no. We are the engine
of the global economy.
Take us out of the equation
and the whole whitewash facade just
tumbles in on their fucking heads.
We should close at 62.
We like you. Edward.
We like your style.
-Thank you.
-How you do things.
But our deal was for 70.
This token transfers
31 million dollars.
Down payment.
As soon as the product
leaves Mexican waters.
We'll just have to keep sustaining
the world's capitalist system.
(Speaking Spanish):
And the other one?
The rest will be transferred when
the shipment arrives at Gioia Tauro.
It's a big load.
What if it doesn't get there?
Then we all take a loss.
Bigger risk than usual.
Bigger the risk.
greater the profit.
Get them out of here.
Shit's about to go down!
(WHISPERS)
Unfortunately
we have a security problem.
we have to get out of here
immediately.
(GUNFIRE)
Wait. wait!
Okay. go. go. go!
Dad!
(EXHALES)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm